A Achenia n. the maddening sense that the world is too complex to even begin to understand, that whenever you try to answer even the most trivial question, it quickly tangles into a thicket of complications and melts into a quicksand of nuance, leaving you fiailing for something solid to hold on to, struggling to come up with anything you could say that is definitively 100 percent true. Etymology: From achene, the fruit that contains the seed of a flowering plant, which is often confused for the seed itself. Whenever you think you’ve arrived at the heart of something, it only ends up hidden away inside some other more complicated structure. Pronounced “uh-kee-nee-uh.” Addleworth adj. unable to settle the question of whether you’re doing okay in life; feeling torn between conflicting value systems and moveable goalposts, which makes you long for someone to come along and score your progress in discrete and measurable units—points, dollars, friends, followers, or a grade point average—which may not clear up where you’re going but would at least reassure you that you’re one step closer to getting there. Etymology: From addled, muddled or unclear + worth. Adomania n. the sense that the future is arriving ahead of schedule, that all those years with fanciful namesare bursting from their hypothetical cages into the arena of the present, furiously bucking your grip while you slip around in your saddle, with one hand reaching for the reins, the other waving up high like a schoolkid who finally knows the answer to the question. Etymology: Italian a domani, until tomorrow + mania. Pronounced “ad-uh-mey-nee-uh.” Adronitis n. frustration with how long it takes to get to know someone—spending the first few weeks chatting in their psychological entryway, with each subsequent conversation like entering a different anteroom, each a little closer to the center of the house—wishing instead that you could start there and work your way out, exchanging your deepest secrets first, before easing into casualness, until you’ve built up enough mystery over the years to ask them where they’re from and what they do for a living. 1 Etymology: In Ancient Roman architecture,an andronitis is a hallway connecting the front part of the house with a complex inner atrium. One quirk of Roman houses is that all the rooms in the front have Greek names, but all the back rooms are in Latin—as if your outer self and your inner self are speaking in completely different languages. Pronounced “ad-roh-nahy-tis.” Aesthosis n. the state of feeling trapped inside your own subjective tastes—not knowing why you find certain things beautiful or ugly, only that you do— wishing you could remove the sociopsychological lenses from your eyes so you could see the beauty in anything and be moved to tears by the smell of burning garbage, the aria of a screaming toddler, or a neon Elvis painted on black velvet. Etymology: From aesthetic, concerned with beauty or artistry + orthosis, a brace that artificially straightens a weak or injured part of the body. Pronounced “es-thoh-sis.” Affogatia n. the weird loneliness of antiquated fads and memes and one-hit wonders, which tried so hard to capture their own era that they inadvertently became embedded in it. Etymology: Italian affogato, drowned. Pronounced “ah-fuh-gat-yuh.” Aftergloom n. the pang of loneliness you feel the day after an intensely social event, as the glow of voices and laughter fades into a somber quiet. Etymology: From afterglow + gloom. Aftersome adj. astonished to think back on the bizarre sequence of accidents that brought you to where you are today—as if you’d spent years bouncing down a Plinko pegboard, passing through a million harmless decision points, any one of